Basic:
1. Write a program that prints "Hello, World!" to the console.
2. Write a program that takes two integers as input and prints their sum.
3. Write a program that takes a string as input and prints its length.
4. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and prints the largest integer in the list.
5. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns a new list with only the even integers from the original list.
6. Write a program that takes a string as input and checks if it is a palindrome (a word, phrase, or sequence that reads the same backward as forward).
7. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns a new list with the squares of each integer in the original list.
8. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns a new list with the integers sorted in descending order.
9. Write a program that takes two strings as input and concatenates them (joins them together) into a new string.
10. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns the sum of all the even integers in the list.


Intermediate:
11. Write a program that takes a string as input and removes all vowels from the string.
12. Write a program that takes a list of strings as input and returns a new list with only the strings that have a length greater than 5.
13. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns the second-largest integer in the list.
14. Write a program that takes a list of strings as input and returns a new list with the strings sorted in alphabetical order.
15. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns a new list with only the prime integers from the original list.
16. Write a program that takes a string as input and returns a new string with each word reversed.
17. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns the product of all the integers in the list.
18. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns a new list with the integers in reverse order.
19. Write a program that takes a list of strings as input and returns a new list with only the strings that contain the letter 'a'.
20. Write a program that takes a list of integers as input and returns a new list with only the integers that are multiples of 3.